1967-05-01 — Tim McGraw — Samuel Timothy McGraw (born May 1, 1967) is an American country singer and actor. He has released 17 studio albums (11 for Curb Records, five for Big Machine Records and one for Arista Nashville).
1992-03-11 — Austin Swift — Austin Kingsley Swift (born March 11, 1992) is an American music executive, producer, and actor who has appeared in films such as Live by Night and I.T. (both 2016). The younger brother of singer-songwriter Taylor Swift, he has appeared in and produced several of her music videos, and manages elements of her music licensing for multimedia uses.
Unknown — Begin Again — "Begin Again" is a song written and recorded by the American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift for her fourth studio album, Red (2012). It was released as the second single from Red on October 1, 2012, by Big Machine Records.
Unknown — You Belong with Me — "You Belong with Me" is a song by the American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift and the third single from her second studio album Fearless (2008). Big Machine Records released the song to radio on April 20, 2009.
Unknown — Ours — "Ours" is a song written and recorded by the American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift for the deluxe edition of her third studio album, Speak Now (2010). It was released to US country radio as the album's last single on December 5, 2011, by Big Machine Records.
Unknown — Back to December — "Back to December" is a song written and recorded by the American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift for her third studio album, Speak Now (2010). Big Machine Records released it as the album's second single on November 15, 2010.
Unknown — Love Story — "Love Story" is a song by the American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift. It was released as the lead single from her second studio album, Fearless, on September 15, 2008, by Big Machine Records.
Unknown — Teardrops on My Guitar — "Teardrops on My Guitar" is a song by the American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift from her debut studio album, Taylor Swift (2006). Big Machine Records released the song to country radio on February 20, 2007, and to pop radio on November 9, as the album's second single in the United States.
Unknown — Fifteen — "Fifteen" is a song written and recorded by the American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift for her second studio album, Fearless (2008). Inspired by Swift's high-school freshman year, the lyrics narrate how she and her friend Abigail Anderson, both at 15, experience teenage heartbreak and realize life aspirations.
Unknown — Change — "Change" is a song by the American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift, released on August 8, 2008, to promote the AT&amp;T Team USA Soundtrack for the United States team at the 2008 Olympics.
Unknown — Both of Us — "Both of Us" is a song by American rapper B.o.B, released on May 22, 2012, as the third single from his second studio album, Strange Clouds (2012). The song features vocals from American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift.
Unknown — Blank Space — "Blank Space" is a song by the American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift and the second single from her fifth studio album, 1989 (2014). Swift wrote the song with its producers, Max Martin and Shellback.
Unknown — Fearless Tour — The Fearless Tour was the debut concert tour by the American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift, in support of her second studio album, Fearless (2008). It began in Evansville, Indiana, United States, on April 23, 2009, and concluded in Cavendish, Canada, on July 10, 2010.
Unknown — Beautiful Eyes — Beautiful Eyes is the second extended play (EP) by the American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift. It was released as a Walmart exclusive on July 15, 2008, through Big Machine Records. In later years, after the MP3 service got closed down, Walmart transferred the rights to Amazon for their Amazon MP3 service, where it remains exclusively available in the United States.
Unknown — Speak Now World Tour — The Speak Now World Tour was the second concert tour by the American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift, in support of her third studio album, Speak Now (2010). It began in Singapore, on February 9, 2011, and concluded in Auckland, New Zealand, on March 18, 2012.
Unknown — Hey Stephen — "Hey Stephen" is a song written and recorded by the American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift for her second studio album, Fearless (2008). It is a country pop, folk-pop, and teen pop song about an unrequited love, inspired by a real-life infatuation.
Unknown — Gorgeous Taylor Swift song — "Gorgeous" is a song by the American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift from her sixth studio album, Reputation (2017). She wrote the song with its producers, Max Martin and Shellback. A bubblegum pop, electropop, and synth-pop song, "Gorgeous" features a loop instrumented by minimal hip-hop drum machine beats, synthesizers, occasional acoustic guitars, and a triangle ding before the refrain.
Unknown — Long Live — "Long Live" is a song written and recorded by the American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift for her third studio album, Speak Now (2010). Produced by Swift and Nathan Chapman, "Long Live" is a heartland rock and pop rock song featuring girl group harmonies and chiming rock guitars.
Unknown — Style — "Style" is a song by the American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift and the third single from her fifth studio album, 1989 (2014). She wrote the track with its producers Max Martin, Shellback, and Ali Payami.
Unknown — Look What You Made Me Do — "Look What You Made Me Do" is a song by the American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift and the lead single from her sixth studio album, Reputation (2017). Big Machine Records released the song on August 24, 2017, following an approximately year-long hiatus due to the controversies that affected Swift's public image in 2016.
Unknown — End Game — "End Game" is a song by the American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift featuring the English singer-songwriter Ed Sheeran and the American rapper Future. Written alongside producers Max Martin and Shellback, it was released on November 14, 2017, as the third single from her sixth studio album, Reputation.
Unknown — We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together — "We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together" is a song by the American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift from her fourth studio album, Red (2012). It was released as the album's lead single on August 13, 2012, by Big Machine Records.
Unknown — Bad Blood — "Bad Blood" is a song by the American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift from her fifth studio album, 1989 (2014). She wrote the song with the Swedish producers Max Martin and Shellback.
Unknown — Breathe — "Breathe" is a song by Taylor Swift featuring Colbie Caillat from Swift's second studio album, Fearless (2008). Swift wrote the song with Caillat and produced it with Nathan Chapman. A country pop and pop rock ballad, "Breathe" incorporates strummed acoustic instruments and a string section.
Unknown — Speak Now — Speak Now is the third studio album by the American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift. It was released on October 25, 2010, through Big Machine Records. Swift wrote the album entirely herself while touring in 2009–2010 to reflect on her transition from adolescence to adulthood.
Unknown — Red — "Red" is a song by the American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift and the title track of her fourth studio album, Red (2012). She wrote the song and produced it with Nathan Chapman and Dann Huff.
Unknown — Mean — "Mean" is a song written and recorded by the American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift for her third studio album, Speak Now (2010). Big Machine Records released it to country radio in the United States as the album's third single on March 7, 2011.
Unknown — Sounds of the Season The Taylor Swift Holiday Collection — The Taylor Swift Holiday Collection is the first extended play and Christmas record by the American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift. It was released as a Target exclusive on October 14, 2007, in partnership with Big Machine Records, and became available at other retailers on December 2, 2008.
Unknown — I Knew You Were Trouble — "I Knew You Were Trouble" is a song by the American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift from her fourth studio album, Red (2012). She wrote it with its producers, Max Martin and Shellback.
Unknown — Everything Has Changed — "Everything Has Changed" is a song by the American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift featuring the English singer-songwriter Ed Sheeran from Swift's fourth studio album, Red (2012). Big Machine Records released it as the sixth single from the album on July 14, 2013.
Unknown — Treacherous — "Treacherous" is a song by the American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift from her fourth studio album, Red (2012). She wrote the track with its producer, Dan Wilson. Blending styles of country and pop, "Treacherous" is a slow-burning folk ballad that builds up into a finale.
Unknown — Fearless — "Fearless" is a song by the American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift and the title track of her second studio album, Fearless (2008). She wrote the track with Liz Rose and Hillary Lindsey, and produced it with Nathan Chapman.
Unknown — All Too Well — "All Too Well" is a song by the American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift. Written by Swift and Liz Rose, the song was first produced by Swift and Nathan Chapman for her fourth studio album, Red (2012).
Unknown — 22 — "22" is a song by the American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift from her fourth studio album, Red (2012). It was released as the album's fourth single on March 12, 2013, by Big Machine Records.
Unknown — Innocent — "Innocent" is a song written and recorded by the American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift from her third studio album, Speak Now (2010). Produced by Swift and Nathan Chapman, the song was written in response to Kanye West's interruption of her acceptance speech at the 2009 MTV Video Music Awards, feeling the need to sympathize with him after the public outrage he received.
