1397-04-29 — Paolo dal Pozzo Toscanelli — Paolo dal Pozzo Toscanelli (1397 – 10 May 1482) was an Italian mathematician, astronomer, and cosmographer. Born in Florence, he was a notable local Renaissance figure. Christopher Columbus carried his map (depicting Asia to the west of Europe) on his first voyage to the New World.
1450-05-27 — Piero Soderini — Piero di Tommaso Soderini (March 17, 1451 – June 13, 1522), also known as Pier Soderini, was an Italian statesman of the Republic of Florence.
1473-01-01 — Cecilia Gallerani — Cecilia Gallerani (Italian pronunciation: [tʃeˈtʃiːlja ɡalleˈraːni]; early 1473 – 1536) was the favourite and most celebrated of the many mistresses of Ludovico Sforza, known as Lodovico Il Moro, Duke of Milan.
1475-03-15 — Michelangelo — Michelangelo di Lodovico Buonarroti Simoni (6&#160;March 1475&#160;– 18&#160;February 1564), known mononymously as Michelangelo, was an Italian sculptor, painter, architect, and poet of the High Renaissance. He was born in the Republic of Florence but was mostly active in Rome from his 30s onwards.
1488-10-16 — Andrea del Verrocchio — Andrea del Verrocchio ( və-ROH-kee-oh, US also -⁠RAW-, Italian: [anˈdrɛːa del verˈrɔkkjo]; born Andrea di Michele di Francesco de' Cioni; c. 1435 – 1488) was an Italian sculptor, painter and goldsmith who was a master of a workshop in Florence.
1491-01-01 — Francesco Melzi — Francesco Melzi, or Francesco de Melzi (1491 – 1570) was an Italian painter born into a family of the Milanese nobility in Lombardy. He became a pupil of Leonardo da Vinci and remained as his closest friend and professional assistant throughout his career.
1494-06-02 — Pontormo — Jacopo Carucci or Carrucci (IPA: [ˈjaːkopo ka(r)ˈruttʃi]; May 24, 1494 – January 2, 1557), usually known as Jacopo (da) Pontormo or simply Pontormo (IPA: [ponˈtormo]), was an Italian Mannerist painter and portraitist from the Florentine School.
1494-09-21 — Francis I of France — Francis I (French: François Ier; Middle French: Françoys; 12 September 1494 – 31 March 1547) was King of France from 1515 until his death in 1547. He was the son of Charles, Count of Angoulême, and Louise of Savoy.
1537-01-22 — Lorenzo di Credi — Lorenzo di Credi (1456/59 – January 12, 1537) was an Italian Renaissance painter and sculptor best known for his paintings of religious subjects, and portraits. With some excursions to nearby cities, his whole life was spent in Florence.
Unknown — Science and inventions of Leonardo da Vinci — Leonardo da Vinci (1452–1519) was an Italian polymath, regarded as the epitome of the "Renaissance Man", displaying skills in numerous diverse areas of study. While most famous for his paintings such as the Mona Lisa and the Last Supper, Leonardo is also renowned in the fields of civil engineering, chemistry, geology, geometry, hydrodynamics, mathematics, mechanical engineering, optics, physics, pyrotechnics, and zoology.
Unknown — Leonardo da Vinci Medal — The Leonardo da Vinci Medal is the highest award of the Society for the History of Technology (SHOT), and was first given in 1962. In general this award is granted annually to scholars who have contributed outstandingly to the history of technology through research, teaching, publication or other activities.
Unknown — Bacchus — Italian paintings room 5 — Bacchus, originally Saint John the Baptist, is a painting in the Musée du Louvre, Paris, France, by the Italian Renaissance artist Leonardo da Vinci and Francesco Melzi, while in Leonardo's workshop.
Unknown — Istituto Statale Italiano Leonardo Da Vinci — The Istituto Statale Italiano Leonardo Da Vinci (French: Lycée italien Leonardo da Vinci) is an Italian government-owned Italian international school in Paris, France. Its scuola media and liceo scientifico (junior and senior high school, or high school and sixth-form college), along with the school administration, occupies one campus in the 7th arrondissement.
Unknown — The Head of the Virgin in Three Quarter View Facing Right — Metropolitan Museum of Art — The Head of the Virgin in Three-Quarter View Facing Right is a drawing on paper in Pierre noir pencil and red chalk, attributed to the Florentine painter Leonardo da Vinci and kept at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York.
Unknown — Sala delle Asse — Sforza Castle — The Sala delle Asse (In English: 'room of the wooden planks'), is a large room in the Castello Sforzesco in Milan, the location of a painting in tempera on plaster by Leonardo da Vinci, dating from about 1498.
Unknown — Portrait of a Musician — Pinacoteca Ambrosiana — The Portrait of a Musician is an unfinished painting by the Italian Renaissance artist Leonardo da Vinci, dated to c. 1483–1487. Produced while Leonardo was in Milan, the work is painted in oils, and perhaps tempera, on a small panel of walnut wood.
Unknown — Budapest horse — The Rearing Horse and Mounted Warrior or Budapest horse is a bronze sculpture attributed to Leonardo da Vinci. Depicting Francis I of France on a destrier horse, it is estimated to have been cast from a clay or wax model in the first half of the 16th century.
Unknown — Self portrait — Royal Library of Turin — Portrait of a Man in Red Chalk (c. 1510) is a drawing currently in the collection of the Royal Library of Turin. It is widely, though not universally, accepted as a self-portrait of the Renaissance artist Leonardo da Vinci.
Unknown — Studies of the Fetus in the Womb — Studies of the Fetus in the Womb are two coloured annotated sketches by Leonardo da Vinci made in around 1511. The studies correctly depict the human fetus in its proper position inside a dissected uterus.
Unknown — Leonardo da Vinci programme — The Leonardo da Vinci programme is a European Commission funding programme focused on the teaching and training needs of those involved in professional education. The programme is part of the European Commission's Lifelong Learning Programme 2007–2013 and aims to help the European labour market by helping European citizens acquire qualifications and have them recognised across borders.
Unknown — Lady with an Ermine — National Museum Krak w — The Lady with an Ermine is a portrait painting by the Italian Renaissance artist Leonardo da Vinci. Dated to c. 1489–1491, the work is painted in oils on a panel of walnut wood.
Unknown — Vitruvian Man — Accademia — Vitruvian Man (Italian: L'uomo vitruviano) is a drawing by the Italian Renaissance artist and scientist Leonardo da Vinci, dated to c. 1490. Inspired by the Roman architect Vitruvius, it depicts a nude man in two overlapping standing positions, inscribed within a circle and a square.
Unknown — Madonna of the Carnation — Alte Pinakothek — The Madonna of the Carnation, also known as the Madonna with Vase, Madonna with Child or Virgin with Flower, is a Renaissance oil painting by Leonardo da Vinci created around 1478–1480.
Unknown — Virgin of the Rocks — Italian paintings room 5, National Gallery — The Virgin of the Rocks (Italian: Vergine delle rocce), sometimes the Madonna of the Rocks, is the name of two paintings by the Italian Renaissance artist Leonardo da Vinci, of the same subject, with a composition which is identical except for several significant details.
Unknown — Madonna Litta — Hermitage Museum — The Madonna Litta is a late 15th-century painting, by Leonardo da Vinci, in the Hermitage Museum, Saint Petersburg. It depicts the Virgin Mary breastfeeding the Christ child, a devotional subject known as the Madonna lactans.
Unknown — List of works by Leonardo da Vinci — The Italian polymath Leonardo da Vinci (1452–1519) was one of the founding figures of the High Renaissance, and exhibited enormous influence on subsequent artists. Only around eight major works—The Adoration of the Magi, Saint Jerome in the Wilderness, the Louvre Virgin of the Rocks, The Last Supper, the ceiling of the Sala delle Asse, The Virgin and Child with Saint Anne and Saint John the Baptist, The Virgin and Child with Saint Anne, and the Mona Lisa—are universally attributed to him, and have aroused little or no controversy in the past.
Unknown — Tavola Doria — Naples, Uffizi — La Tavola Doria is a painting depicting the central part of the famous mural painting of the Battle of Anghiari by Leonardo Da Vinci, created between 1503 and 1505. The artist is unknown and is widely believed to be a copy of a 16th-century Tuscan artist, perhaps Poppi.
Unknown — Leonardo da Vinci Art School — The Leonardo da Vinci Art School (the "Leonardo") was an art school founded in New York City (1923–1942), whose most famous students were Isamu Noguchi and Elaine de Kooning, the school's director was sculptor and poet Onorio Ruotolo.
Unknown — La Belle Ferronni re — Italian paintings room 5 — La Belle Ferronnière (French pronunciation: [la bɛl fɛʁɔnjɛʁ]) is a portrait painting of a lady, by Leonardo da Vinci, in the Louvre. It is also known as Portrait of an Unknown Woman.
Unknown — Leda and the Swan — Museum Boijmans Van Beuningen — The story of Leda and the Swan was the subject of two compositions by Leonardo da Vinci from perhaps 1503–1510. Neither survive as paintings by Leonardo, but there are a number of drawings for both by him, and copies in oils, especially of the second composition, where Leda stands.
Unknown — The Holy Infants Embracing — The Holy Infants Embracing is a painting by Leonardo da Vinci. It represents the infant Christ embracing his cousin John the Baptist. The subject matter relates to the two paintings of the Virgin of the Rocks by Leonardo and numerous other Renaissance works by Raphael and others of the meeting of the two children on the road to Egypt while escaping the Massacre of the Innocents.
Unknown — Madonna of the Yarnwinder — Scottish National Gallery — The Madonna of the Yarnwinder (Italian: Madonna dei Fusi, "Madonna of the Spindles") is a subject depicted by Leonardo da Vinci in at least one, and perhaps two paintings begun in 1499 or later.
Unknown — Benois Madonna — Hermitage Museum — The Benois Madonna, otherwise known as the Madonna and Child with Flowers, is a painting by the Italian Renaissance master Leonardo da Vinci in the Hermitage Museum, Saint Petersburg. One of two Madonnas begun by Leonardo in October 1478, it was completed c.
Unknown — Mona Lisa — Italian paintings room 6, Louvre Museum — The Mona Lisa is a half-length portrait painting by the Italian artist Leonardo da Vinci. Considered an archetypal masterpiece of the Italian Renaissance, it has been described as "the best known, the most visited, the most written about, the most sung about, [and] the most parodied work of art in the world." The painting's novel qualities include the subject's enigmatic expression, monumentality of the composition, the subtle modelling of forms, and the atmospheric illusionism.
Unknown — Adoration of the Magi — Leonardo room 15, Uffizi — The Adoration of the Magi is an unfinished early painting by the Italian Renaissance artist Leonardo da Vinci. Leonardo was given the commission by the Augustinian monks of San Donato in Scopeto in Florence in 1481, but he departed for Milan the following year, leaving merely more than the preparatory underdrawing in charcoal, ink and watercolor.
