1940-10-14 — Cliff Richard — Sir Harry Rodger Webb (born 14 October 1940), known professionally as Cliff Richard, is a British singer and actor. He has total sales of over 21.5&#160;million singles in the United Kingdom and as of 2026, is the third-top-selling artist in UK singles chart history, behind the Beatles and Elvis Presley.
1943-03-01 — Piet Veerman — Piet Veerman (born 1 March 1943) is a Dutch pop musician. From 1964 to 1985 he was a guitarist and singer for The Cats, and since 1968 the lead singer for all the singles of this band.
1943-03-28 — Richard Stilgoe — Sir Richard Henry Simpson Stilgoe (born 28 March 1943) is a British songwriter, lyricist and musician, and broadcaster who is best known for his humorous songs and frequent television appearances.
1944-11-10 — Tim Rice — Sir Timothy Miles Bindon Rice (born 10 November 1944) is an English songwriter. He is best known for his collaborations with Andrew Lloyd Webber, with whom he wrote, among other shows, Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat, Jesus Christ Superstar, and Evita; Chess (with Björn Ulvaeus and Benny Andersson of ABBA); Aida (with Elton John); and, for Disney, Aladdin (with Alan Menken), The Lion King (with Elton John), and the stage adaptation of Beauty and the Beast (with Menken).
1948-02-22 — Linda de Suza — Teolinda Joaquina de Sousa Lança (European Portuguese pronunciation: [tjuˈlĩdɐ ʒwɐˈkinɐ ðɨ ˈsozɐ ˈlɐ̃sɐ]; 22 February 1948 – 28 December 2022), better known as Linda de Suza, was a Portuguese Lusophone and Francophone singer and best-selling author.
1948-03-22 — Andrew Lloyd Webber — Andrew Lloyd Webber, Baron Lloyd-Webber (born 22 March 1948) is an English composer and impresario of musical theatre. Several of his musicals have run for more than a decade both in the West End and on Broadway.
1949-02-06 — Mike Batt — Michael Philip Batt (born 6 February 1949) is an English singer-songwriter, musician, arranger, record producer, director, and conductor. He served as the Deputy Chairman of the British Phonographic Industry. Batt created the novelty pop band The Wombles, after recording the theme song for the animated BBC series of the same name.
1960-08-14 — Sarah Brightman — Sarah Brightman (born 14 August 1960) is an English classical crossover soprano singer and actress. Brightman began her career as a member of the dance troupe Hot Gossip and released several disco singles as a solo performer.
1963-12-20 — Frank Peterson — Frank Peterson (born 20 December 1963) is a German music producer known for his work with Enigma and Gregorian as well as artists such as Sarah Brightman, Ofra Haza, and Andrea Bocelli.
1969-03-08 — Dulce Pontes — Dulce José Silva Pontes (Portuguese: [ˈdulsɨ ʒuˈzɛ ˈsilvɐ ˈpõtɨʃ]; born 8 April 1969) is a Portuguese songwriter and singer who performs in many musical styles, including pop, folk, and classical music.
Unknown — The Andrew Lloyd Webber Collection — The Andrew Lloyd Webber Collection is a 1997 compilation album by British classical crossover soprano Sarah Brightman. All of the tracks on this album are previously available on other albums.
Unknown — Classics — Classics is a compilation album by classical crossover soprano Sarah Brightman. It collects previously released material, such as "Pie Jesu", from Andrew Lloyd Webber's Requiem; "Figlio Perduto", "Lascia ch'io pianga" and "La Luna" from Brightman's previous studio albums, and new recordings of some her classical vocal performances, including "Ave Maria", "Dans La Nuit", "Alhambra" and a solo version of the 1997' hit "Time to Say Goodbye".
Unknown — Free — "Free" is a song performed by English classical crossover soprano Sarah Brightman from her ninth studio album, Harem (2003). It was originally written in German by Matthias Meissner and Thomas Schwarz.
Unknown — The Harem Tour CD — The Harem Tour is a limited edition album consisting of b-sides, demos, and other rarities by classical crossover soprano Sarah Brightman. It was released in CD format only and sold at Brightman's "The Harem World Tour" events and, after the tour concluded, from her web site.
Unknown — There for Me — There for Me may refer to:.
Unknown — Just Show Me How to Love You — "Tu Cosa Fai Stasera" is a song by Dario Baldan Bembo, Amerigo Cassella which came third in the 1981 the competition at the Sanremo Music Festival and later made famous by Sarah Brightman, under the title Just Show Me How to Love You, when translated into English.
Unknown — The Symphony World Tour — The Symphony World Tour was the fourth worldwide concert tour by English soprano singer Sarah Brightman. The tour started on 4 November 2008 in the city of Monterrey and concluded on 5 April 2009 in Taipei.
Unknown — Surrender — Surrender is an album by English soprano Sarah Brightman featuring songs composed by Andrew Lloyd Webber. The album’s booklet also includes Lloyd Webber's commentary for each song.
Unknown — The Songs That Got Away — The Songs That Got Away is an album by English soprano Sarah Brightman. The songs selected for this album were allegedly based on an idea by Brightman's then husband Andrew Lloyd Webber.
Unknown — Harem — Harem is the eighth studio album by English singer Sarah Brightman, released in the United States on 10 June 2003 through Angel Records. The album continued the collaboration between Brightman and her longtime producer Frank Peterson.
Unknown — Eden — Eden is the sixth album by English soprano Sarah Brightman, released in 1998 under license by Nemo Studios to Angel Records. Similar to Brightman's later album La Luna, Eden juxtaposed English popular songs with Italian opera arias.
Unknown — Fly — Fly is the fourth album by English soprano Sarah Brightman. It is her second album with producer Frank Peterson and features collaborations with Tom Jones, Chris Thompson and Andrew Eldritch.
Unknown — Angel — Angel is a song written by Jerry Burns and Sally Herbert sung by English singer-songwriter Sarah Brightman from her eleventh studio album, Dreamchaser. It was first released as the album's lead single in Europe and Mexico as a digital download on October 15, 2012.
Unknown — Dreamchaser — Dreamchaser is the eleventh studio album by English singer Sarah Brightman. This album is Brightman's first collaboration with producer Mike Hedges and centres on the concept of space. The offering was inspired by Brightman's decision to become the first singer in outer space, as she intended to launch on an orbital spaceflight mission to the International Space Station (ISS) in partnership with Space Adventures, Ltd., a private space experiences company.
Unknown — A Question of Honour — "A Question of Honour" is a 1995 single by soprano Sarah Brightman, from her album Fly. It peaked at No. 15 on the German Singles Chart in the last week of 1995, even though it was released over five months earlier.
Unknown — Time to Say Goodbye — Timeless, known as Time to Say Goodbye in the United States and Canada and on Super Audio CD, is the fifth studio album by English classical crossover soprano Sarah Brightman, together with the London Symphony Orchestra.
Unknown — Sarah Brightman Sings the Music of Andrew Lloyd Webber — Sarah Brightman Sings the Music of Andrew Lloyd Webber is a 1992 full-length album released in conjunction with Sarah Brightman's world tour The Music of Andrew Lloyd Webber. The album contains most of the songs performed regularly on that tour and features all-new recordings, with the exception of "Pie Jesu", "All I Ask of You", "The Phantom of the Opera", "Anything but Lonely", and "Amigos Para Siempre (Friends for Life)".
Unknown — Encore — Encore is an album by English soprano Sarah Brightman, released in 2002. It includes tracks from two previous Brigtman and Andrew Lloyd Webber albums (The Songs That Got Away and Surrender), and four previously unreleased tracks.
Unknown — La Luna — La Luna (Italian and Spanish for "the Moon") is the seventh album recorded by English soprano Sarah Brightman in 2000. It was released under license by Nemo Studios to Angel Records.
Unknown — Classics The Best of Sarah Brightman — Classics: The Best of Sarah Brightman is a European-only compilation album by classical crossover soprano Sarah Brightman. An earlier version of Classics was released worldwide, except for Europe, in 2001.
Unknown — Amigos Para Siempre — "Amigos Para Siempre (Friends for Life)", also called "Amics per sempre" in Catalan, is a song recorded by British soprano Sarah Brightman and Spanish tenor José Carreras, with music composed by Andrew Lloyd Webber and lyrics written by Don Black.
Unknown — Dive — Dive is the third studio album by English soprano Sarah Brightman. It is her first album with producer Frank Peterson, and a marked departure from her previous operatic works. Its unifying theme is water and the ocean.
Unknown — Diva The Singles Collection — Diva: The Singles Collection is a 2006 compilation album by Sarah Brightman. Alongside this album, Brightman released a DVD collection of her music videos on 3 October 2006 under the title of Diva: The Video Collection.
Unknown — Diva The Video Collection — Diva: The Video Collection is a video longform. When Sarah Brightman introduces each song, she talks about where, when and how the music video was made. Several music videos are not featured, most notable songs are Rhythm of the Rain, Deliver Me and All I Ask of You.
Unknown — As I Came of Age — As I Came of Age is the second studio album by English soprano Sarah Brightman. The album features a diverse collection of songs including "Good Morning Starshine" from the musical Hair, "Yesterday" by Aimee Mann, "Love Changes Everything" from Andrew Lloyd Webber's Aspects of Love, and "Some Girls" by Lisa Burns and Sal Maida.
