1600-01-01 — Juan de la Cuesta — Juan de la Cuesta (died 1627) was a Spanish printer known for printing (not publishing) the first editions of Don Quixote de la Mancha (1605) and the Novelas ejemplares (1613), by Miguel de Cervantes, as well as the works of other leading figures of Spain's Golden Age, such as Lope de Vega.
Unknown — Viaje al Parnaso — Viaje del Parnaso ("Journey to Parnassus") is a poetic work by Miguel de Cervantes. It was first published in 1614, two years before the author's death.
Unknown — El licenciado Vidriera — "El licenciado Vidriera" ("The Lawyer of Glass" or "The Glass Graduate") is a short story written by Miguel de Cervantes and included in his Novelas ejemplares, first published in 1613.
Unknown — Cervantes — Bach quadrangle — Cervantes is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 181 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1976.
Unknown — Miguel de Cervantes Prize — The Miguel de Cervantes Prize (Spanish: Premio de Literatura en Lengua Castellana Miguel de Cervantes) is awarded annually to honour the lifetime achievement of an outstanding writer in the Spanish language.
Unknown — Miguel de Cervantes University — Miguel de Cervantes University (Spanish: Universidad Miguel de Cervantes) is a private university located in Santiago de Chile and was established in 1996. This university had around 853 students in 2010.
Unknown — La ilustre fregona — La ilustre fregona (The Illustrious Kitchen Maid or The Illustrious Scullery-maid) is a novella by Miguel de Cervantes, published in the collection Novelas ejemplares. It tells the story of two wealthy young men who fall in love with a kitchen maid in Toledo.
Unknown — The Siege of Numantia — The Siege of Numantia (Spanish: El cerco de Numancia) is a tragedy by Miguel de Cervantes set at the siege of Numantia, captured and razed by Scipio Aemilianus in 133 BC.
Unknown — La Galatea — La Galatea (Spanish pronunciation: [la ɣalaˈte.a]) was Miguel de Cervantes’ first book, published in 1585. Under the guise of pastoral characters, it is an examination of love and contains many allusions to contemporary literary figures.
Unknown — Rinconete y Cortadillo — "Rinconete y Cortadillo" (or "Novela de Rinconete y Cortadillo") is one of the twelve short stories included in Novelas Ejemplares, by Spanish writer Miguel de Cervantes. It describes the comical adventures of two petty criminals as they travel to Seville and are then taken in by the city's thieves' guild.
Unknown — Novelas ejemplares — Novelas ejemplares ("Exemplary Novels") is a series of seven novellas, four novelettes, and one short story that follow the model established in Italy. The series was&#160;written by&#160;Miguel de Cervantes&#160;between 1590 and 1612 and printed in Madrid in 1613 by&#160;Juan de la Cuesta.
Unknown — Cervantine Library — The Cervantine Library Spanish: Biblioteca Cervantina (also known as the Library Miguel de Cervantes) is a library located on the main campus of Tecnológico de Monterrey, in the city of Monterrey, Nuevo León, Mexico.The library has about 130,000 items in its collection, with its holdings on Mexican history and culture ranked second in the Americas.
Unknown — Museo Casa de Cervantes — The Cervantes' House (Spanish: Casa de Cervantes) is a museum in Valladolid, Spain, devoted to Miguel de Cervantes. The museum is located in the house that was Cervantes's home around the time the first part of Don Quixote was published.
Unknown — Teatro Cervantes — The Cervantes Theater (Spanish: Teatro Cervantes) is located in the Mexican city of Guanajuato. The building is of stone in the colonial style, designed by José Martínez Cossio and inaugurated in 1979.
Unknown — Los Trabajos de Persiles y Sigismunda — Los trabajos de Persiles y Sigismunda ("The Travails of Persiles and Sigismunda") is a romance or Byzantine novel by Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra, his last work and one that stands in opposition to the more famous novel Don Quixote by its embrace of the fantastic rather than the commonplace.
Unknown — Instituto Cervantes — Instituto Cervantes (Spanish: [instiˈtuto θerˈβantes], the Cervantes Institute) is a worldwide nonprofit organization created by the Spanish government in 1991. It is named after Miguel de Cervantes (1547–1616), the author of Don Quixote and perhaps the most important figure in the history of Spanish literature.
Unknown — Gran Teatro Cervantes — Gran Teatro Cervantes is a theatre, dedicated to Miguel de Cervantes, in Tangier, Morocco. The theatre was built in 1913 by the Spanish.
